# x64 NASM Project Template

This repository provides a template for creating x64 NASM (Netwide Assembler) projects. It helps you get started quickly with writing assembly code for the x86-64 architecture.

## Introduction to Assembly Language

Assembly language is a low-level programming language that is closely related to the machine code instructions of a specific computer architecture. It provides a direct representation of the computer's underlying hardware and allows precise control over system resources. Assembly language programs are written using mnemonic instructions that correspond to the machine code instructions executed by the processor.

## Why Learn Assembly Language?

Learning assembly language can be beneficial for several reasons:

1. **Low-Level Understanding**: Assembly language allows you to gain a deeper understanding of how a computer works at the hardware level. You'll learn about registers, memory management, instruction execution, and other essential concepts.

2. **Performance Optimization**: Writing code in assembly language gives you fine-grained control over system resources, allowing you to optimize critical sections of your code for maximum performance.

3. **Embedded Systems Development**: Many embedded systems require efficient and low-level programming. Assembly language is often used in this domain to write firmware, device drivers, and real-time systems.

4. **Reverse Engineering**: Understanding assembly language is essential for reverse engineering compiled programs and analyzing their behavior.

5. **Understanding Compiler Output**: Knowing assembly language helps you understand the output generated by compilers. This knowledge can be valuable for debugging, code optimization, and understanding performance bottlenecks.

## Contents

- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [License](#license)

## Project Structure

The project is structured as follows:

```bash
.
├── bin
├── cheat_sheet
├── include
├── LICENSE
├── Makefile
├── obj
├── README.md
└── src
```

- `bin`: Contains the compiled executable file.
- `cheat_sheet`: Provides cheat sheets for various topics related to assembly programming, such as calling conventions, file descriptors, file permissions, memory layout, and registers.
- `include`: Contains additional assembly source files that can be included in your project.
- `LICENSE`: The license file for the project.
- `Makefile`: A build automation file for compiling the assembly source code and generating the executable file.
- `obj`: Contains the object file(s) generated during the build process.
- `README.md`: The documentation file that provides an overview of the project.
- `src`: Contains the main assembly source file(s) for your project.

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Modify or replace the `main.asm` file in the `src` directory with your own assembly code.
3. Use the provided `Makefile` to build the project by running `make` command.
4. The compiled executable file will be generated in the `bin` directory.
5. You can refer to the cheat sheets in the `cheat_sheet` directory for guidance on various assembly programming topics.

## Documentation

For detailed documentation on NASM, you can refer to the official NASM documentation available [here](https://www.nasm.us/doc/).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).